how the stop and butt initiative was born on the beach
well the initiative is born from the cooked video and you always find yourself
every year you find yourself on a beach you are alas eh punctually
here I'm
own export perra giulia I have to say unfortunately it costs me
%
for the incivility the people unfortunately this truth
for a malpractice uses the object of the cigarette
for the beach then our indignation our polere well to
our life takes us by force, and throws a message that it wants
be an obviously positive perre message trying to unite anyway
our land would fly in this case I do not know the beach
launch a small message of civilization for which it is possible
simply having as tools or having a minimum of
self-respect
time must be maintained
if the clean beach is like that to have a place for the bad to hate all
file so
I'm not civil that's why this initiative is born
but the choice is your own in a way or yes
few boys instead it is enough to talk just to complain we do
something ourselves putting our will in there is a weir there
simply arming us good will by trying to make everyone aware
those who are beach vendors towards a problem yourself anyway
exists
and I like to point out to you that we don't place ourselves in contradiction with
no one is there ourselves that we put our faces and try to do
understand to citizens that they are not necessarily the administration
anything else they drink going to clean things that maybe we do if we get dirty
we are the first that need clean paved antennas which is why it is born
initiative we leave everything to raise awareness
all vendors bar on something that they would like to clean
even the adivor to genre ashtrays I can hold together with others
What do I feel for you
this is a practical example of how
it takes little to be able to put the city
in a tiny plastic affarino
close it and vote for it in any container, then just open it a little
to keep the beach clean this will allow for a reduction of
trash
yes sure list size. filippo-il this sensitization action but must
be one of many that
in agrigento where the actors of the operators are citizens where manna is
tourist or commercial chains anyone
must make this contribution some system today
is no longer manageable today system
is supported suppresses all of us citizens from operators was
beautiful old following the first initiative tried on the 5th is May 5th
however it was a concrete act
headache gendo problemen de force this year a hotel to daraa its own e
improper
to its customers an ashtray
from an ashtray on the busy stretch of beach then ahahah why
by the operators the citizens cannot make a contribution
the administration then has to do its part
but we care about our side to prevent trying to reduce
what the refusal and above all to dirty - the city - gets dirty city
and not even what the whole community could do to keep the city
clean here is a little or a way we specify a beggar apple
within the region of complaining we ended up complaining we want breakfast with
paint the plaster to show that it is completely you can go towards
this road these are on the web tv so we expect you all expect it
those who want to help us distribute these cones
Thursday afternoon from 3 and a half onwards at
kiosk on the first beach
priest
Let's start this activity
I also want to leave the two entrepreneurs who have us under the neon lights
given these there are these cones that are remnants of you that are the bottom of the bay
of ulisse wheels
ulisse bay of the messina family elia the concession or gains it has
sponsors that year this initiative was invented we also had
from the kiosks a welcome is a sharing of this goal
because it is also their interest to keep the beaches clean